Add first version of proposal for lightning talk by Guzal and Svea (#16)
sktime/community-council: conferences/PyData_Global_2021/Proposal_lightning_talk.md

Proposal Lightning Talk

> Introducing sktime! Time series data is ubiquitous in many applications. Developing advanced time series analysis capabilities for researchers and practitioners is one of the major challenges of contemporary machine learning. sktime is a new unified Python toolbox for machine learning with time series. Our ambition is to provide for time series what scikit-learn provides for tabular data. In our lightning talk you will learn about the various use cases of the sktime toolbox: ranging from forecasting, to classification, anomaly detection and clustering of time series data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing sktime, a unified interface for machine learning with time series. Time series data is ubiquitous in many applications. Developing advanced time series analysis capabilities for researchers and practitioners is one of the major challenges of contemporary machine learning. sktime is a new unified Python toolbox and our ambition is to provide for time series what scikit-learn provides for tabular data. In our lightning talk you will learn about the various time series learning problems covered by sktime, which are forecasting, classification/regression, annotation and clustering.
```
